well another Saturday night and here we
are another snoop around somebody else's
dressing room
follow me I don't open this door well
here we are again another dressing room
another Saturday I'm overwhelmed by the
stuff somebody who's got sore feet so
he's not sleeping so a soothing gel eye
mask look at those flowers oh good luck
card from happy yeah somebody who's got
some young admirers ear muffs because
it's getting chillier these days Anton
please do not eat my cupcakes Oh
beauties well I've only come back an
overdose later well what have we got
we've got foot gel we got flowers with
young admirers and of course I've got
cupcakes excuse me who dresses in a room
like this it's over to you
you